All I think about is love/and money (Kahe from APR camp)
Grief rushed / no / crushed by the feet of other, more pressing bodies (how we might be scratching the surface now of grief as a family after over 30 years of my father passing away)
I have slept / on it (as in sleep on it but _on_ it instead)
The urgent moon
The urgency of the moon
i want to live on his tongue, build a home of gospel & gayety
i want to raise a city behind his teeth for all boys of choirs & closets to refuge in. (From the 17 year old and the gay bar by Danez Smith)
How long has it been darling? A year and change. And change (the word change in this case)
Orr hot springs: everything dressed / in a mane of steam (because hot water evaporates off of skins and sponges and stuff in the cold weather that makes it more obvious)
And we were glowing / with god (purpose play / broadway)
The strange hills we die on
This moment might be an invitation to smell more than our own anthropocentric armpits and capture potentially new scents.
Arboreal / arboreality
« I disagree with the rain », « The spider legs of always » (hour entry: I fall asleep with a rain sound / Endi Bogue Hartigan)
Every poetics is a palliative for eternity — Édouard Glissant
Atomes crochus (balzac, goriot) — the hooked atom / these crooked atoms / blame my crooked atoms
The canines of the savior (Emergence / sleep token)
The teeth of god
Inebriation
af-fer-ent/'af(e)rent/
• adj. [PHYSIOLOGY] conducting or conducted inward or toward something (for nerves, the central nervous system; for blood vessels, the organ supplied). The opposite of EFFERENT.
• n. an afferent nerve fiber or vessel.
‹ORIGIN › mid 19th cent.: from Latin afferent- 'bringing toward', from the verb afferre, from ad-'to' + ferre 'bring'.
« A motorcycle rips the day open » Adam Clay, some mood
Balzac, « il commencera par saisir son amour comme une hache » / and he will hold his love like an axe
There is no world where the lack of means pitted it against wealth and comfort on a daily basis does not metastasize into emotional charge (or a Molotov cocktail)
Stuffed my desire into the earth
(O paysage ou mon désir s’est enfoncé - Gide)
I ate your book and now I’m pregnant
I ate your book and it lined my guts with bitterness
He ate the book and it filled his stomach with bitterness
(C’est un livre que mangea Jean a Patmos, comme un rat; mais moi j’aime mieux les framboises. Ça lui a rempli d’amertume les entrailles et après il a eu beaucoup de visions - Gide)
Faux Foe
Faux leather
« Sometimes I call it god » / under and behind (our reason) — how decisions are not made. Decisions are alien species. They haunt us. They come and occupy. Multiply. They stay.
Brine — My body, oiled and sugared–  malnourished enslaved Black folks would be lathered in oil to give the illusion of health and increase the likelihood of their sale– acts as a pastiche to slave auctions.  My body, oiled and sugared, acts as an aesthetic brine for my lyrical universe to float in. https://www.culturebot.org/2025/03/99944/in-god-are-you-there-maybe-its-me-the-black-performer-becomes-sisyphus/
The bread winner (Jane cafe)
This untrembling heart — Heidegger / The meditative man is to experience the untrembling heart of unconcealment.
There will be an app for judgment
that we can’t delete. — rosebud oni, poet wrestling with artificial intelligence
he had a preternatural gift
for grieving, he grieved for the living, he wore *grooves into his cheeks* with all the tears, — Patrick Holian
His nervous beauty (Rastignac dans le père Goriot)
speed not the drug, but the relationship of body with space or transition of body in space / or get very technical (the differential of position within absolute etc.)
I hope this finds you well (the opening email sentence / pervert it)
And I mistook the laughter for love (headache, Vegyn) this one goes out to all the ghosts.
The secret sweetness of flax seeds
What you lose when you’re fattened by wealth is the _muscle of misery_. The sharp arrow of despair.
A distant volcano known only to himself (a volcano known only to me) / Glissant
And this index on my neck / A disguised leftover of former alienations (that last sentence from glissant about languages that shouldn’t rush into joining the multi lingual concert and should preserve some opacities)
Spiritual footprint/ emotional footprint/emotional real estate/spiritual real estate
Magic thrives in silent cemeteries (how the appreciation for the love party — no one is going to share « I had such a hard time »)
Warm prophecy
To build the tower / in every language (Glissant)
Diglossia: a situation in which two languages (or two varieties of the same language) are used under different conditions within a community, often by the same speakers. The term is usually applied to languages with distinct "high" and "low" (colloquial) varieties, such as Arabic.
‹ DERIVATIVES› di-glos-sic/-sik/ad).
‹ORIGIN › 1950s: from Greck diglossos 'bilingual', on the pattern of French diglossie.
The violence of contaminations (Glissant)
Prayer is reversed thunder George Herbert
Powder text, powder language
Un coup de dé jamais n’oubliera le hasard — Mallarmé
Beauty is painful when it is real — it hurts. Like the poem that doms you that Liliana read at the Want 2 play party.
Font also means a source of a desirable quality or commodity; a fount: they dip down into the font of wisdom.
chthon·ic: adjective: concerning, belonging to, or inhabiting the underworld."a chthonic deity"
Either commerce or the pieces of melancholy — the strangeness of the overlap (Occasionally, they were able to switch to commerce otherwise they went to pieces of melancholy — Glissant, poetics of relationship)
We have tried every position and the only one we like is violence. Abdurraqib “I have tried all your clothes on but nothing fits but your blood”
Cast catastrophes like moonlight
Careering / careening (the movement and what it evokes, one person / bodies careering / careening into each other - out of each other, careening heart, careening noses)
Break a sweat (emphasis on break)
“Until it smells like the mall” — Margaret Yapp: “To re-soften sugar, pour into microwave-safe bowl & cover with moist paper / towel, set microwave to high, zap in 20 second / increments til it smells like the mall.”
Dark ecology: Since in an ecological age there is no appropriate scale on which to judge things (human? microbe? biosphere? DNA?), there can be no pure, unadulterated, totally tasteful beauty. Beauty is always a little bit weird, a little bit disgusting. Beauty always has a slightly nauseous taste of the kitsch about it, kitsch being the slightly (or very) disgusting enjoyment-object of the other, disgusting precisely because it is the other’s enjoyment-thing, and thus inexplicable to me. As if I were to find in a junk shop a porcelain vase curiously coated with what turns out, when I bring it close to my face, to be an invisible film of my stomach acid. Moreover, since beauty is already a kind of enjoyment that isn’t to do with my ego, and is thus a kind of not-me, beauty is always haunted by its disgusting, spectral double, the kitsch. The kitsch precisely is the other’s enjoyment object: how can anyone in their right mind want to buy this snow globe of the Mona Lisa? Yet there they are, hundreds of them, in this tourist shop.
A single eye enveloping you (the inventor of photo sculpture, Francois Willem)
A reflection on “now more than ever” in the era of Trump — that we have been dancing a strange dance as woke folks, even those of us most hurt by it being threatened: Even the wokest among us make fun of the genuflections we have been doing to the pseudo-god of wokism, a simulacrum for a lord of care, that in the name of kindness we have become morbid shadows bending over backwards hurting so we do not hurt
I want to bottom out / so
Let me
An inventory of attachment
HYPERSTITION: fictional entities that make themselves real
I do. Lack perspective on San Francisco‘s fashion. A church. The way One judges their family. The closest thing the weirdest form of horror quantum chaos a loss too orderly to be loved.
Lucille Clifton “you got a geography of your own”
Go through all the weird words I have on kindle in my dictionary
Redbone (refers to lighter skinned black people)
Happiness = Reality - Expectations
Queering gay marriage
To share about one queerness in a space where one knows they are not going to be outwardly judged is to be dangerous in a safe space
symbiont — n. [BIOLOGY] either of two organisms that live in symbiosis with one another. < ORIGIN › late 19th cent.: formed irregularly from Greek sumbion living together participle of sumbioun (see SYMBIOSIS.
Intellect is an *organ of extinction* (dark ecology)
(Disordered eating —) (such) a reliable demon
Our childhood flavors / functions of empire (sugar, chocolate, coffee, vanilla)
On loyalty (imaging myself telling Joya this): that when we’re young we’re arbitraging. As we grow old we stop and start opting for loyalty despite the mother person’s flaws. We simply pick and commit.
Cathexes — concentrating one’s thoughts on one person or thing.
Silicon is the heart (about how technology is fundamentally very deeply human)
